As one of the People we must do more than just send notices and affidafits.  We must have the knowledge and understanding to debate and backup our assertions. 

Here you will finds some of the things we the People must know.

[https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/28/1746 Laws of the United States of America]

(1)If executed <b>without</b> the United States: “I declare (or certify, verify, or state) under penalty of perjury under the laws of the <b>United States of America</b> that the foregoing is true and correct. Executed on (date).
(Signature)”.

(2)If executed <b>within</b> the United States, its territories, possessions, or commonwealths: “I declare (or certify, verify, or state) under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. Executed on (date).
(Signature)”.

[https://www.ssa.gov/history/35act.html#TITLE%20XI TITLE XI- GENERAL PROVISIONS DEFINITIONS SECTION 1101 (d)]

(d) Nothing in this Act shall be construed as authorizing any Federal official, agent, or representative, in carrying out any of the provisions of this Act, 
to take charge of any child over the objection of either of the parents of such child, or of the person standing in loco parentis to such child.

[https://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?path=/prelim@title5/part1/chapter5&edition=prelim CHAPTER 5—ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE]

[https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/384/436/ Miranda v. Arizona, 384 U.S. 436 (1966)]

[https://uscode.house.gov/view.xhtml?path=/prelim@title9&edition=prelim Arbatration Act (1925)]

[http://actnowpma.org/private-membership-association/ Setup a PMA]

[https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC174Q5C3FgAaPoBeDnK8uHQ Josh Barnet on Youtube]

[https://www.youtube.com/user/DaveCaresForYou/videos Dave Jose on Youtube]

[https://odysee.com/@DaveCaresForYou:f Dave Jose Odysee.com]

[https://supreme.justia.com/cases/federal/us/376/254/ New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. 254 (1964)]
The First Amendment, said Judge Learned Hand,

"presupposes that right conclusions are more likely to be gathered out of a multitude of tongues than through any kind of authoritative selection. To many, this is, and always 
will be, folly, but we have staked upon it our all."

United States v. Associated Press, 52 F. Supp. 362, 372 (D.C.S.D.N.Y.1943). Mr. Justice Brandeis, in his concurring opinion in Whitney v. California, 274 U. S. 357, 274 U. S. 
375-376, gave the principle its classic formulation:

"Those who won our independence believed . . . that public discussion is a political duty, and that this should be a fundamental principle of the American government. They 
recognized the risks to which all human institutions are subject. But they knew that order cannot be secured merely through fear of punishment for its infraction; that it is 
hazardous to discourage thought, hope and imagination; that fear breeds repression; that repression breeds hate; that hate menaces stable government; that the path of safety 
lies in the opportunity to discuss freely supposed grievances and proposed remedies, and that the fitting remedy for evil counsels is good ones. Believing in the power of reason
as applied through public discussion, they eschewed silence coerced by law -- the argument of force in its worst form. Recognizing the occasional tyrannies of governing 
majorities, they amended the Constitution so that free speech and assembly should be guaranteed."

<b>Thus, we consider this case against the background of a profound national commitment to the principle that debate on public issues should be uninhibited, robust, and wide-open,
and that it may well include vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp attacks on government and public officials.,</b> See Terminiello v. Chicago, 337 U. S. 1, 337 U. S. 
4; De Jonge v. Oregon, 299 U. S. 353,

[https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/42/2000a 42 U.S. Code § 2000a - Prohibition against discrimination or segregation in places of public accommodation]

That the Affiant and Affiant's lawful wife are "non-resident to" and "not a dweller within" the jurisdiction of the "State of the Forum" of Article 1, Section 8, 
Clause 17, and Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution for the United States of America, in which the United States Congress "exercises 
exclusive Legislation in; all Cases whatsoever; over said District not exceeding ten Miles square." beyond the seat of Government of places legally ceded by the union 
states for the erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings, or any other territories or properties "belonging to" the United States.
Consequently, the Affiant is not liable for the (Title 26 United States Code, Subtitle-A, Section One), graduated income tax for reasons of the Affiant's non-residence 
to such State of Forum.
